Retry on bad dogstatsd connection (#13091)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/13091.txt

```release-note:improvement
config: introduce `telemetry.retry_failed_connection` in agent configuration to

> retry on failed connection to any telemetry backend. This prevents agent from being
> stopped on unresolable dogstats dns name; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retry on failed connection to any telemetry backend. This prevents the agent from
exiting if the given DogStatsD DNS name is unresolvable, for example.
```
